well howdy they're gonna have people
let's bow again so tonight we're gonna
talk about how social media may end up
killing the political class in this
country you know we have that
establishment class where their dad was
a congressman and the whole family is
involved in politics whether it be
lobbying or holding a seat themselves
and social medias is quickly enabling an
end to that now whether or not we take
advantage of this that's gonna be up to
us but seeing the old days not too long
ago if a candidate wanted to show their
blue-collar roots well he'd throw on a
denim shirt go to a sports bar and drink
a Bud Light
then he'd head over to one of his
friends estates and grab a hammer and
act like he's putting up a pole barn
these would be shown in three second
clips on the nightly news and it would
work because it appeared authentic
because that was all the information we
had with the advent and the coming of
age of social media well now these
images are on there and we're sitting
there like is there still shrink wrap on
that hammer and betrays the the enough
is anticipate events like this it's
gonna make it harder and harder for that
class of people to cast the image that
there are peers because they're not and
the social media accounts are going to
show it
you know it's already having an impact
you know we're starting to see the first
social media candidates that when you
know and we're seeing these people who
are not part of the establishment at the
time they arrive they may become part of
the establishment later but when they
show up they're not and that's why
you've got like the one Republican who's
just like I'm out I'm done with this
party I can't I can't I can't deal with
it because this is a person who truly
believes in what he's saying right or
wrong he believes it and he gets up
there and he realizes that they don't
that it's a show and at the same time
the Democrats just had to have a come to
Pelosi meeting over Twitter and Pelosi
basically telling them you know don't
take don't take potshots at our Center
Democrats and this came about because
they voted in favor of that ice funding
bill that didn't include any safeguards
for the kids and I guess somebody said
something about that being the child
abuse caucus and that hurt their
feelings
you know if the jackboot fits a little
bit on in goose-step you all chose
politics over principle it is what it is
it's the social media age we have access
to your voting records now
instantaneously you're not gonna be able
to spend this the way you used to and
the reason I started thinking about this
is because this morning I woke up to a
text and it said the candidate retweeted
you and I'm thinking oh god what what
did Trump say yeah I don't know if y'all
are aware of this in indie news circles
Trump was the candidate quotation marks
because we didn't think he was a viable
candidate but we were wrong it happens
okay but it wasn't him it was Marianne
Williamson she retweeted the video
they didn't which I referred to her as
the crazy hippie crystal lady and I said
she wasn't a viable candidate now before
we get into this I had to say I'm not
talking about her policies because I
haven't looked into all of them yet
strictly talking about the campaign
she's gonna run an anti-trump campaign
and I don't mean that in the sense of
she's just gonna bash Trump at every
opportunity I mean that in the sense of
she's gonna rant run the antithesis of
the campaign he ran he ran a campaign
that played on fear that appealed to
bias and bigotry it's what he did and he
targeted the uneducated his work not
mine he wanted those people that were
too uneducated to understand that a
tariff is going to impact them until
it's too late and they're standing at
the checkout line but by then they've
already bought into it so they can't
change their mind otherwise they'll have
to admit they were wrong she appears to
be gearing up to run the exact opposite
style of campaign where she's hoping to
appeal to the better the better
instincts and the better nature of
humanity you know well let's be the
world's EMT instead of being the world's
policeman appealing to compassion and
love and crazy things like that it's a
bold strategy
she seems by tweeting that without any
kind of explanation she seems to be
hoping in targeting the more educated
Americans those that can look at that
video and understand the subtext is
she's not a viable candidate because the
system won't let her be one but it'd be
a whole lot cooler if it did but there
was no explanation of that it was just
here it is
it's a bold strategy considering the
last guy one running the exact opposite
style campaign but it's authentic it is
authentic that is who she appears to be
now I'm sure there's somebody out there
that's gonna be like well it's just our
brand maybe maybe it is I don't know I
don't know her it certainly could be
this whole thing could just be her her
brand and her front but she's been at it
a long time and at some point if you're
gonna live a brand that long while it's
just you so this is kind of what we have
to look forward to we're going to see
more Justin our Maj AOC candidates like
this that are on the edges of the
establishment you know you're probably
not gonna see a bunch of poor people
running yet but social media is enabling
those people that aren't within the true
halls of power to get a voice and to get
their message out there
and it's going to be interesting to see
how this plays out because it may truly
kill the professional political class
because we're going to see them for what
they are we're gonna see them for the
establishment we're gonna see them for
those who are really there just to
enrich themselves with the money they
take from us anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night